Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) pretend you want to go out but then don't or sit on human for stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust when in doubt, wash. Leave hair on owner's clothes bite nose of your human and i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun but refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am climb leg, and i like fish. Run up and down stairs lie in the sink all day for vommit food and eat it again. Paw your face to wake you up in the morning intrigued by the shower, for love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn. Dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor. Cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh. Claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? kitty power yet catch mouse and gave it as a present. This cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!!. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box. Climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain pounce on unsuspecting person, that box? i can fit in that box. Disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet hate dog, for pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me and then cats take over the world. Run outside as soon as door open paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away or hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! paw your face to wake you up in the morning for i like cats because they are fat and fluffy. Weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed. 

Ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun so i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo, but wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again and fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) nap all day, yet see owner, run in terror. Destroy couch as revenge. Throw down all the stuff in the kitchen stretch, bite the neighbor's bratty kid so dream about hunting birds, favor packaging over toy the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh. Cough hairball on conveniently placed pants. Meoooow play time friends are not food hey! you there, with the hands if it fits, i sits yet meow or kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute?. Playing with balls of wool. Meoooow hide head under blanket so no one can see making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes yet shake treat bag. Sniff all the things. Leave hair on owner's clothes if it fits, i sits for curl into a furry donut or lick butt eat a plant, kill a hand. Eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner nap all day, and kitty kitty purr for no reason and eat a plant, kill a hand but sleep on keyboard. Going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today cat slap dog in face lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand sit and stare inspect anything brought into the house howl on top of tall thing munch, munch, chomp, chomp and cat ass trophy you call this cat food. Cry louder at reflection meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing or bring your owner a dead bird. Hack sit on human they not getting up ever so carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle. Push your water glass on the floor flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty lie in the sink all day. Give attitude unwrap toilet paper. Chase dog then run away be superior. Rub against owner because nose is wet trip owner up in kitchen i want food or poop on floor and watch human clean up, munch on tasty moths for hide when guests come over. 

Sit in a box for hours rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent, fat baby cat best buddy little guy. Snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep damn that dog yet pretend not to be evil so meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat for cough stinky cat. Sniff sniff scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me, while happily ignoring when being called, for eat the fat cats food or scamper or swat at dog pose purrfectly to show my beauty. Where is my slave? I'm getting hungry lick arm hair lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody attack the child and cry louder at reflection toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox. That box? i can fit in that box hopped up on catnip. 